---
layout: media
image:
  teaser: terminal.png
---
Export your services as curl commands for sharing or a number of different programming languages. To monitor them and protect yourself from service changes, export them to be run by the Curly Test Runner.

###Generate Code

There are a number of open source code generators for using with Curly stored in the [github repository](https://github.com/onato/Curly/tree/master/code/generators). Get in touch if you would like to write one for your favourite language.

A curl exporter is provided with its own short cut. This enables you to quickly share an API call with someone else.

{% highlight bash %}
    curl --request POST --data 'email=onato.com@gmail.com&type=note&title=Curly Alert&body=One of your services failed!' -H 'Authorization: Bearer eHUemjHKPMnbqhvaQvu6GF6iRW5yTTNr' https://api.pushbullet.com/v2/pushes -i
{% endhighlight %}

###Export for Monitoring

A script like the one below can be generated that contains the details of your service plus the verification script for insuring correctness. This can be run by the Curly Test Runner which will send a push notification to your devices through the Pushbullet service. This way you will get word as soon as a server goes down or a colleague applies a breaking change.
        
{% highlight ruby %}

require('should')
var curly = require('curly');
describe('Curly', function(){
  it('403', function(done){
    var service = {url:'http://development.onato.com/curly/403.php', json:true};
    curly.request(service, function(statusCode, statusCodeString, contentType, response, responseString, headers){
    
    
    statusCode.should.be.exactly(4030);
    statusCodeString.should.be.exactly("forbidden");
    responseString.should.match(/.*denied.*/);
    response.should.containDeep({"message" : "access denied"});
    
    
    done();
  });
});
…
{% endhighlight %}
    